Get away from me!
Previously on "Teen Wolf"...
I want to go out with Allison.
I kissed her.
I saw.
I want a semi-freaking normal life.
Medical examiner determines killer
of girl to be animal. not human.
Derek not killer.
Let out of jail.
You did this to me!
The bite is a gift.
I don't want it.
You will.
Who are they?
Hunters.
That's my dad.
Everything in my life is
somehow perfect.
Why are you trying to ruin it?
You're cursed. Scott.
Come on.
Where are you taking me?
Somewhere where
we can be alone.
We are alone.
Somewhere where we
can be more alone.
♪ Time is never time at all ♪
♪ you can never ever leave ♪
Come on.
♪ without leaving
a piece of youth ♪
♪ and our lives
are forever changed ♪
♪ we will never
be the same ♪
♪ the more you change
the less you feel ♪
♪ believe ♪
♪ believe in me ♪
♪ that life can change ♪
♪ that you're not
stuck in vain ♪
♪ we're not the same
we're different ♪
♪ tonight ♪
what's wrong?
Get away.
Scott?
Get away from me.
So you killed her?
I don't know.
I just woke up.
And I was sweating like crazy.
and I couldn't breathe.
I've never had a dream where
I woke up like that before.
Really? I have.
Usually ends a little differently.
"A." I meant I've never had
a dream that felt that real.
and "B." never give me that much
detail about you in bed again.
Noted.
Let me take a guess here.
No. I know. you think it has
something to do with me going
out with Allison tomorrow.
like I'm gonna lose control
and rip her throat out.
No. of course not.
Yeah. that's totally it.
Hey. come on. it's gonna
be fine. all right?
Personally. I think you're
handling this pretty
freakin' amazingly.
You know. it's not like
there's a lycanthropy
for beginners class you can take.
Yeah. not a class.
but maybe a teacher.
Who. Derek?
You forgetting the part where
we got him tossed in jail?
Yeah. I know. but chasing her.
dragging her to the back of
the bus. it felt so real.
How real?
Like it actually happened.
I think it did.
Sync by YYeTs.net | Corrected by Alice
www.addic7ed.com
She's probably fine.
She's not answering my texts.
Stiles.
It could just be
a coincidence. all right?
A seriously amazing coincidence.
Just help me find her. okay?
Do you see her?
No.
You scared the hell outta me.
You're okay.
Once my heart starts
beating again. yeah.
What?
I'm just happy to see you.
Attention. students.
this is your principal.
I know you're all wondering about
the incident that occurred
last night to one of our buses.
While the police work to
determine what happened.
classes will proceed as scheduled.
Save me a seat at lunch?
Yeah.
What are you looking at. asswipe?
Maybe it was my blood on the door.
Could have been animal blood.
You know. maybe you caught
a rabbit or something.
And did what?
Ate it.
Raw?
No. you stopped to bake it
in a little werewolf oven.
I don't know. you're the one
who can't remember anything.
Mr. Stilinksi. if that's your
idea of a hushed whisper.
you might want to pull the headphones
out every once in a while.
I think you and Mr. McCall would
benefit from a little distance.
yes?
No.
Let me know if the separation
anxiety gets to be too much.
Hey. I think they found something.
That's not a rabbit.
Ahh!
Okay.
This is good. this is good.
He got up. he's not dead.
Dead guys can't do that.
Stiles...
I did that.
But dreams aren't memories.
Then it wasn't a dream.
Something happened last night.
and I can't remember what.
What makes you so sure that
Derek even has all the answers?
Because during the full
moon he wasn't changed.
He was in total control
while I was running around
in the middle of the night attacking
some totally innocent guy.
You don't know that.
I don't not know it.
I can't go out with Allison.
I have to cancel.
No. you're not cancelling. okay?
You can't just cancel
your entire life.
We'll figure it out.
Figure what out?
Just. uh. homework.
Yeah.
Why is she sitting with us?
Thanks.
Get up.
How come you never
ask Danny to get up?
Because I don't stare at his
girlfriend's coin slot.
So I hear they're saying it's
some type of animal attack.
Probably a cougar.
I heard mountain lion.
A cougar is a mountain lion.
Isn't it?
Who cares?
The guy's probably some homeless
tweaker who's gonna die anyway.
Actually.
I just found out who it is.
Check it out.
The Sheriff's department won't
speculate on details of
the incident but confirmed
the victim. Garrison Meyers.
did survive the attack.
Meyers was taken
to a local hospital
where he remains
in critical condition.
I know this guy.
You do?
Yeah. when I used to take
the bus back when
I lived with my dad.
He was the driver.
Can we talk about something
slightly more fun. please?
Like. oh. where are we
going tomorrow night?
You said you and Scott were hanging
out tomorrow night. right?
Um. we were thinking of
what we were gonna do.
Well. I am not sitting home
again watching lacrosse videos.
so if the four of us
are hanging out.
we are doing something fun.
Hanging out?
Like. the four of us?
Do you wanna hang out.
like us and them?
Yeah. I guess.
Sounds fun.
You know what else sounds fun?
Stabbing myself in the face
with this fork.
How 'bout bowling?
You love to bowl.
Yeah. with actual competition.
How do you know we're
not actual competition?
You can bowl. right?
Sort of.
Is it sort of. or yes?
Yes.
In fact. I'm a great bowler.
You're a terrible bowler.
I know!
I'm such an idiot.
God. it was like
watching a car wreck.
I mean. first it turned into
the whole group date thing.
And then out of nowhere
comes that  phrase.
Hang out.
You don't hang out
with hot girls. okay?
It's like death.
Once it's hanging out.
you might
as well be her
gay best friend.
You and Danny
can start hanging out.
How is this happening?
I either killed
a guy or I didn't.
I don't think Danny
likes me very much.
I ask Allison on a date.
and now we're hanging out.
Am I not attractive
to gay guys?
I make first line. and the team
captain wants to destroy me.
and now--now
I'm gonna be late for work.
Wait. Scott. you didn't--
am I attractive to gay guy--
you didn't answer my question.
That's cool.
Sorry.
You're all of two minutes late.
I just don't want you
to think I'm slacking.
Scott. I guarantee you.
you're one of the least
slacking kids in this town.
Hey. I see somebody's ready
to get their stitches out.
Hey there. Scott.
You staying out of trouble?
Yeah.
Hey. listen.
while I'm here.
you mind taking
a look at those
pictures I was telling
you about?
Sacramento still can't
determine an  animal.
I'm not exactly an expert.
This is the guy who was
attacked in the bus?
Yeah.
And we found wolf hairs
on Laura hale's body.
A wolf?
I mean. I think
I read somewhere
that wolves haven't been in
California for. like. 60 years.
True enough. but wolves
are highly migratory.
They could have wandered in
from another state driven by
impulse or strong
enough memory.
Wolves have memories?
Longer-term memories. yes.
If associated with
a primal drive.
See this one here?
Yeah.
Those are claw marks.
A wolf would have gone for
the throat or the spinal
cord with its teeth.
So what do you think.
it's a mountain lion?
I don't know.
A wolf could chase
down its prey.
hobbling it by
tearing at the ankles.
And then the throat.
Is my beautiful. talented.
and wonderful son actually
bringing me dinner?
Thought you wouldn't mind
skipping the cafeteria tonight.
You are the most thoughtful.
loving. most conniving
little con artist ever.
You are so not getting
the car tomorrow night.
Mom.
What?
There's a curfew. no car.
But I will take this.
Love you.
Love you too.
Mr. meyers.
Are you okay?
What the hell
are you doing in here?
Get out!
Now. go! Go. go.
It looks pretty deserted.
dispatch.
Did you want me
to take a look inside?
Unit 16. it's county property.
Order's to make
sure it's vacant.
I don't--I don't
think anyone's home.
For the love of God. 16.
go inside and see
if anyone's there.
Copy that.
Don't do that.
Okay. I'm coming.
I'm coming.
I know you can hear me.
I need your help.
Okay.
I know I was part
of you getting arrested
and that we basically announced
you being here to the hunters.
I also don't know what
happened to your sister.
But I think I did
something last night.
I had a dream about... someone.
But someone else got hurt.
And it turns out that part of the
dream might have actually happened.
You think you
attacked the driver?
Did you see what
I did last night?
No.
Can you at least
tell me the truth?
Am I gonna hurt someone?
Yes.
Could I kill someone?
Am I gonna kill someone?
Probably.
Look. I can show
you how to remember.
I can show you how to control
the shift. even on a full moon.
But it's not gonna
come for free.
What do you want?
You'll find out.
But for now. I'm gonna
give you what you want.
Go back to the bus.
Go inside. See it.
feel it.
Let your senses--
your sight.
smell. touch--
let them remember for you.
That's it?
Just--just go back?
Do you want to know
what happened?
I just want to know if I hurt him.
No. you don't.
You want to know
if you'll hurt her.
Hey. no. just me.
Someone needs to keep watch.
How come I'm always
the guy keeping  watch?
Because there's
only two of us.
Okay. why's it
starting to feel like
you're Batman
and I'm Robin?
I don't want to be
Robin all the time.
Nobody's Batman and Robin
any of the  time.
Not even some of the time?
Just stay here.
- Oh. my God!
- Fine.
Come on... come on...
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Aah!
Did it work?
Did you remember?
Yeah. I was there last night.
And the blood--
a lot of it was mine.
So you did attack him?
No.
I saw glowing eyes in the bus.
but they weren't mine.
It was Derek.
What about the driver?
I think I was actually
trying to protect him.
Wait. why would Derek help you
remember that he attacked the driver?
That's what I don't get.
It's got to be a pack thing.
What do you mean?
Like an initiation.
You do the kill together.
Because ripping someone's throat
out is a real bonding experience?
Yeah. but you didn't do it.
which means you're not a killer.
And it also means that...
I can go out with Allison.
I was gonna say it means
you won't kill me.
Oh. yeah.
That too.
Mmm. pass.
Pass.
Let me see.
Uh. pass on all of it.
Allison. respect for your taste
is. uh. dwindling by the second.
This.
Dad. hello?
Right.
I'm sorry.
I completely forgot to knock.
Hi. Mr. Argent.
Dad. do you need something?
I wanted to tell you that
you'll be staying in tonight.
What? I'm going out with
my friends tonight.
Not when some animal out
there is attacking people.
Dad. dad. I'm--uh...
It's out of my hands.
There's a curfew.
No one's allowed
out past 9:30 P.M.
Hey. no more arguing.
Someone's daddy's little girl.
Sometimes.
But not tonight.
What are you doing?
Eight years gymnastics.
Are you coming?
I'll take the stairs.
You look like you know
what you're doing.
Used to bowl with my dad.
When was the last
time you bowled?
Uh. at a birthday party...
When I was eight.
I'm so bad at this.
Somebody brought
their "A" game.
Good job.
Great.
You're up. McCall.
You can do it. Scott.
Jackson?
Mind shutting up?
I'm sorry.
I'm just flashing back to the
words "I'm a great bowler."
Maybe he just needs
a little warm-up.
Yeah. maybe he just needs
the kiddy bumpers.
Just--just aim for the middle.
How about you aim for anything
except for the gutter?
Let him concentrate.
Come on. just one pin. please.
Great job. McCall.
Man. you are a pro.
Don't worry.
We only just started.
Scott.
You're thinking too much.
I know. I'm sorry.
I'm ruining this.
No. no. not at all. but I
wouldn't mind shutting them up.
so just clear your head and
think about something else.
Like what?
Anything.
Think about me.
Naked.
What did you say to him?
Uh. I just gave him
something to think about.
Nice ride.
Black cars. though.
Very hard to keep clean.
I would definitely suggest
a little more maintenance.
If you have something this nice.
you want to take
care of it. right?
Personally. I'm very protective
of the things I love.
But that's something I
learned from my family.
And you don't have much
of that these days.
Do you?
There we go.
You can actually look through
your windshield now.
See how that makes
everything so much clearer?
You forgot to check the oil.
Check the man's oil.
Looks good to me.
Drive safely.
That is seriously amazing.
Jackson. uh. how many
strikes is that?
It's six.
In a row.
Something just clicked.
I guess.
Maybe it's natural talent.
I could use
some natural talent.
You mind helping me
out this time. Scott?
No. you're good.
Go for it.
Thanks for the vote
of confidence.
Hey. I'll help.
How about I just try
this on my own?
I think I'm getting
the hang of it.
That was sort
of perfect form.
Was it?
Maybe you should stop pretending
to suck just for his benefit.
Trust me. I do plenty of
sucking just for his benefit.
Nice shot. man.
Listen. I know we both
didn't want to be here.
But the thing is. we don't
have to hate each other.
I don't hate you.
I just don't believe you.
You know. you got everyone
thinking everything's fine and
normal about you. but I
know something's off.
You cheated tonight.
How do you cheat in bowling?
I don't know. but you did.
And I don't know if it's
steroids or something weirder.
I'm guessing
something weirder
since it's pretty obvious
that you're a freak.
So don't think for a second
I've given up
on finding out
what your little secret is.
I don't have any secrets.
Yeah. you do.
And here's the other thing.
I don't know why. but I think
whatever it is you're hiding.
you don't want her to find
out about it. either.
Open your eyes.
Look at me.
What do you remember?
Hale.
How do you know my name?
I'm sorry.
How do you know me?
Girl. I am outta here.
There's a DVR at home full of
unwatched TV waiting to remind me
how ridiculously
single I really am.
Rose. call a Code. Room 137.
So. uh. do you think we
could hang out again soon?
Definitely.
But I have to admit something.
Um. I'm not big on group dates.
So next time.
just the two of us.
I could totally
handle more of that.
Great.
Allison?
I'd like a little
more of that...
Hey. Scott.
I'm gonna go to... sleep.
Seriously.
Stiles. what the hell
are you doing here?
What am I doing?
God. do either of you
even play baseball?
What?
Can you please tell your
friend to use the front door?
But we lock the front door.
He wouldn't be able to get in.
Yeah. exactly.
And. by the way.
do either of you care  that
there's a police-enforced curfew?
No.
No. All right then.
Well. you know what?
That's about enough parenting
for me for one night.
so good night.
What?
My dad left for the
hospital 15 minutes ago.
It's the bus driver.
They said he succumbed
to his wounds.
Succumbed?
Scott. he's dead.
Derek!
I know you're here!
I know what you did!
I didn't do anything.
You killed him!
He died.
Like your sister died?
My sister was missing.
I came here looking for her.
You found her.
I found her in pieces.
being used as bait
to catch me.
I think you killed
them both.
I'm gonna tell everyone.
starting with the sheriff.
That was cute.
I didn't kill him.
Neither of us did.
It's not your fault.
and it's not mine.
This?
This is all your fault!
You ruined my life!
No. I didn't.
You're the one
who bit me.
No. I'm not.
What?
I'm not the one
that bit you.
There's another.
It's called an Alpha.
It's the most
dangerous of our kind.
You and I. we're betas.
This thing is more powerful.
more animal than
either of us.
My sister came here
looking for him.
Now I'm trying to find him.
But I don't think
I can do it without you.
Why me?
Because he's the one
that bit you.
You're part of his pack.
It's you. Scott.
You're the one he wants.
Sync by YYeTs.net | Corrected by Alice
www.addic7ed.com